BZ-2025586:Documentation update to reflect changes for capabilities getting dropped when using keyword  in the container's securityContext (#39124)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-autoscaling-creating-cpu.adoc

= Creating a horizontal pod autoscaler for CPU utilization by using the CLI

Using the {product-title} CLI, you can create a horizontal pod autoscaler (HPA) to automatically scale an existing `Deployment`, `DeploymentConfig`, `ReplicaSet`, `ReplicationController`, or `StatefulSet` object. The HPA scales the pods associated with that object to maintain the CPU usage you specify.

[NOTE]
====

> It is recommended to to use a Deployment or ReplicaSet objects unless you need a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to to use a `Deployment` or `ReplicaSet` object, unless you need a 
```

Reviewer 2: Also I think "recommended to to use" is intended as "recommended not to use" as elsewhere

<3> Specify the maximum number of replicas when scaling up.
<4> Specify the target average CPU utilization over all the pods, represented as a percent of requested CPU. If not specified or negative, a default autoscaling policy is used.
+

> For example, the following command shows autoscaling for the `image-registry` `Deployment` object. The initial deployment requires 3 pods. The HPA object increased that minimum to 5 and will increase the pods up to 7 if CPU usage on the pods reaches 75%:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following command shows autoscaling for the `image-registry` `Deployment` object. The initial deployment requires 3 pods. The HPA object increases the minimum to 5 and will increase the pods up to 7, if CPU usage on the pods reaches 75%:
```

Reviewer 2: Prehaps maybe even split that up a bit more:
```suggestion
For example, the following command shows autoscaling for the `image-registry` `Deployment` object. The initial deployment requires 3 pods. The HPA object increases the minimum to 5. If CPU usage on the pods reaches 75%, the pods will increase to 7:
```
